feat(examples): resolvers + fauna (#589)
grafbase/grafbase: examples/resolvers-fauna/README.md

# Grafbase ⨯ Fauna

> This examples shows how to create a GraphQL API using Grafbase that can read and write data to a MySQL database hosted by Fauna &mdash; [Read the guide](https://grafbase.com/guides/build-and-deploy-a-graphql-api-to-the-edge-with-fauna)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This examples shows how to create a GraphQL API using Grafbase that can read and write data to a Fauna database &mdash; [Read the guide](https://grafbase.com/guides/build-and-deploy-a-graphql-api-to-the-edge-with-fauna)
```

> This examples hows how to create a GraphQL API using Grafbase Resolvers that can read and write data to a MySQL database hosted by Fauna &mdash; [Read the guide](https://grafbase.com/guides/build-and-deploy-a-graphql-api-to-the-edge-with-fauna)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This examples shows how to create a GraphQL API using Grafbase that can read and write data to a MySQL database hosted by Fauna &mdash; [Read the guide](https://grafbase.com/guides/build-and-deploy-a-graphql-api-to-the-edge-with-fauna)
```

Author: Good catch! I just spotted this inside PlanetScale README.
